Update docs on supported distros and images (#9029)
kubernetes/kops: docs/operations/images.md

# Images

The default images for Kops clusters are based on Debian 9 (Stretch). These images are built by the [kubernetes-sigs/image-builder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/image-builder/tree/master/images/kube-deploy/imagebuilder) project for each Kubernetes release and are available for any other use under the `kope.io` account.

You can choose a different image for an instance group by editing it with `kops edit ig nodes`. You should see an `image` field in one of the following formats:

* `ami-abcdef` - specifies an AMI by id directly

> * `<owner>/<name>` specifies an AMI by its owner and name properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<account ID>/<name>` specifies an AMI by its owner's account ID and name properties
```

Author: The `help` command for `aws-cli` uses the "owner" word for the flag. I think a good compromise would be adding "account ID" in the description.
```
       --owners (list)
          Filters the images by the owner. Specify an  AWS  account  ID,  self
          (owner  is  the sender of the request), or an AWS owner alias (valid
          values are amazon | aws-marketplace |  microsoft  ).  Omitting  this
          option  returns  all  images  for which you have launch permissions,
          regardless of ownership.
```

Reviewer: ah, good call. that sounds good to me 👍

* `<alias>/<name>` specifies an AMI by its owner alias and name properties

Using the AMI id is precise, but ids vary by region. It is often more convenient to use the `<owner/alias>/<name>`, if equivalent images have been copied to various regions with the same name.

Kops supports owner aliases for the official accounts of supported distros:

* `kope.io` => `383156758163`
* `amazon` => `137112412989`
* `centos` => `679593333241`
* `debian9` => `379101102735`
* `debian10` => `136693071363`
* `flatcar` => `075585003325`
* `redhat` => `309956199498`
* `ubuntu` => `099720109477`

For example, to use Ubuntu 20.04, you could specify:

```yaml
image: ami-00579fbb15b954340
```

or

```yaml

> image: 099720109477/ubuntu/images/hvm-ssd/ubuntu-focal-20.04-arm64-server-20200423

Reviewer: maybe we use amd64 examples since they're more popular than arm at the moment? same with below :)

Author: I may have tunnel vision from all the ARM stuff these last few weeks 😄

    content: |
      #!/bin/sh
      update-alternatives --set iptables /usr/sbin/iptables-legacy
      update-alternatives --set ip6tables /usr/sbin/ip6tables-legacy
      update-alternatives --set arptables /usr/sbin/arptables-legacy
      update-alternatives --set ebtables /usr/sbin/ebtables-legacy
```

`image: 099720109477/ubuntu/images/hvm-ssd/ubuntu-xenial-16.04-amd64-server-20180405`
Available images can be listed using:

You can find the name for an image by first consulting [Ubuntu's image finder](https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/locator/),
and then using e.g. `aws ec2 describe-images --image-id ami-493f2f29`
```bash
aws ec2 describe-images --region us-east-1 --output table \
  --owners 136693071363 \
  --query "sort_by(Images, &CreationDate)[*].[CreationDate,Name,ImageId]" \
  --filters "Name=name,Values=debian-10-amd64-*"
```

## CentOS
## Ubuntu 18.04 (Bionic)

CentOS7 support is still experimental, but should work. Please report any issues.
Ubuntu 18.04 is fully supported and functional.

The following steps are known:
It is based on Kernel version **4.15** which has number of known bugs that affect it and may be noticed with larger clusters:

> * You must accept the agreement at http://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=aw0evgkw8e5c1q413zgy5pjce

Reviewer: should we keep this mentioned somewhere?

Author: You are right. Added back in CentOS 7 section.

      #!/bin/sh
      update-alternatives --set iptables /usr/sbin/iptables-legacy
      update-alternatives --set ip6tables /usr/sbin/ip6tables-legacy
      update-alternatives --set arptables /usr/sbin/arptables-legacy
      update-alternatives --set ebtables /usr/sbin/ebtables-legacy
```

Available images can be listed using:

```bash
aws ec2 describe-images --region us-east-1 --output table \
  --owners 136693071363 \
  --query "sort_by(Images, &CreationDate)[*].[CreationDate,Name,ImageId]" \
  --filters "Name=name,Values=debian-10-amd64-*"
```

## Ubuntu 18.04 (Bionic)

Ubuntu 18.04 is fully supported and functional.

It is based on Kernel version **4.15** which has number of known bugs that affect it and may be noticed with larger clusters:

* https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/56903
* https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/67577

Available images can be listed using:

```bash
aws ec2 describe-images --region us-east-1 --output table \
  --owners 099720109477 \
  --query "sort_by(Images, &CreationDate)[*].[CreationDate,Name,ImageId]" \
  --filters "Name=name,Values=ubuntu/images/hvm-ssd/ubuntu-bionic-18.04-amd64-*"
```

## Ubuntu 20.04 (Focal)

> Ubuntu 20.04 support was introduced in **Kops 1.16** and is fully functional. 

Reviewer 2: @hakman In #8954 you say Ubuntu 20.04 support was added Kops 1.16.2, but this says it was added in 1.16.0. Which is it?

Author: Was cherrypicker a bit lately. Probably the release notes has to be updated for 1..16.2. Thanks!
